com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/ui/RecyclerViewItemClickListener.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.ui.RecyclerViewItemClickListener
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/settings/PreferencesFragment.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.settings.PreferencesFragment
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.settings.PreferencesFragment$1
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.settings.PreferencesFragment$2
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.settings.PreferencesFragment$3
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.settings.PreferencesFragment$4
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.settings.PreferencesFragment$5
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/UnitConverterApplication.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.UnitConverterApplication
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/models/Unit.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.models.Unit
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.models.Unit$id
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/presenters/ConversionPresenter.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.presenters.ConversionPresenter
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.presenters.ConversionPresenter$1
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.presenters.ConversionPresenter$2
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.presenters.ConversionPresenter$3
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.presenters.ConversionPresenter$4
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.presenters.ConversionPresenter$5
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/BaseActivity.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.BaseActivity
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/models/TemperatureUnit.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.models.TemperatureUnit
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/presenters/ConversionView.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.presenters.ConversionView
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/fragments/ConversionFragment.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.fragments.ConversionFragment
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.fragments.ConversionFragment$1
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.fragments.ConversionFragment$2
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.fragments.ConversionFragment$3
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/data/DataAccess.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.data.DataAccess
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.data.DataAccess$1
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/UnitConverterDebugApplication.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.UnitConverterDebugApplication
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/settings/Preferences.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.settings.Preferences
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/api/CurrencyService.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.api.CurrencyService
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/fragments/HelpDialogFragment.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.fragments.HelpDialogFragment
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.fragments.HelpDialogFragment$1
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.fragments.HelpDialogFragment$2
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/api/models/Envelope.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.api.models.Envelope
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.api.models.Envelope$Cube
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.api.models.Envelope$Sender
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/util/BaseIntentFactory.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.util.BaseIntentFactory
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/presenters/MainActivityView.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.presenters.MainActivityView
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/settings/PreferencesActivity.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.settings.PreferencesActivity
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/api/CurrencyApi.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.api.CurrencyApi
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/BuildConfig.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.BuildConfig
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/util/Conversions.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.util.Conversions
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/MainActivityConverter.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.MainActivityConverter
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.MainActivityConverter$1
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.MainActivityConverter$2
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/models/ConversionState.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.models.ConversionState
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.models.ConversionState$1
com/physphil/android/unitconverterultimate/models/Conversion.java
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.models.Conversion
 com.physphil.android.unitconverterultimate.models.Conversion$id
